  All4Rentz is only an online Renting Platform to connect between the users. All4Rentz is not responsible for any transactions, business, relationship, payments, legal compliance, law compliance etc. among the users.
  All4Rentz is strongly committed in protecting your privacy and has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect your personal information and handle the same in a safe and responsible manner in accordance with the terms and conditions of this policy (“Privacy Policy”) set out herein below: Please read this privacy statement carefully before using our Services.
  The information contained in this Mobile Application and the personal information collected by using/ login and or accessing this Mobile Application are stored at a secured server. It is stated by the server service provider that they have all the best security practices required for the server. All4Rentz Mobile Application/Website is owned by an Indian company and is located in India. Hence, we are duty bound to abide by the laws, regulations, rules, circulars, notifications etc. governing privacy in India. This Privacy Policy is applicable to all users of this Mobile Application/Website. The user is herein collectively referred to as “You”. You may note that this Privacy Policy may be found deficient with respect to certain privacy laws of some other countries. By visiting this Mobile Application/Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Mobile Application/Website. By mere use of the Mobile Application/Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  
1. Collection of Personal Information:
For availing the Services/Products from the Mobile Application/Website or to contact All4Rentz, you may have to sign up by giving following personal information such as email address, name, phone number and address. Some of these information provided above are personally sensitive information (“Personal Information”) and is collected for the purpose of verification of identity of the user and to ensure due compliances. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests. In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself. Additionally, if you browse through this Mobile Application/Website, our servers may automatically record information of certain kind. Such information includes information such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the date and time of your access. We use this information to monitor the usage of our Mobile Application/Website and also whatever is necessary for our business. This information does not include Personal Information. If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Mobile Application/Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
  Authorization via Gmail provides you the option to share certain information with us, including your name, email address, and access to your email inbox and calendar in read-only mode, which you can revoke at any time. We may use this information for data analytics purposes but stay assured as your identity will remain highly anonymous.

2. Information collected from third party:
  We may collect your Personal Information as well as other information from third parties like business partners; contractors; vendors etc. and add the same to our account information.
  
3. Information placed on your computer:
We may store some information such as cookies on your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that an application transfers to the hard drive of a visitor’s computer for record-keeping purposes. This information facilitates your use of Website and ensures that you do not need to re-enter your details every time you visit it. You can erase or choose to block this information from your computer if you want to. Erasing or blocking such information may limit the range of features available to the visitor on Website. We also use such information to provide visitors a personalized experience on Website. We may use such information to allow visitors to use Website without logging in upon returning.
4. Information collected from your mobile device:
(a) Personal Information: All the information that we collect is related to provide All4Rentz services and its features. We never receive any of the following information unless you expressly choose to share it with us. It’s as simple as that. Here are some references of the kind of information that we collect.
(b) Contacts: We use read-only information for authenticate to log to the service. We will never import or scan your contacts unless you ask us to. If you opt to do so, we request an access of your contacts to help you find your friends who use All4Rentz.
(c) Phone state: We access read only information to phone state including phone number, device network. This allows us to provide you with a seamless experience and a higher calibre of customer service.
(d) Location: We will never gather or use your specific device location without first getting your explicit permission. It is used strictly to coordinate and complete your shipment for order delivery among the users.
(e) Camera: We will only access images that you specifically choose, and we will never scan or import your photo library or camera roll. This allows you to choose individual pictures to change your user profile picture or easy upload of documents. You can stop sharing photos and revoke access at any time.
(f) Depending on the choices you make during the log-in to our Services or during the process of engaging our Services, you may opt to give the following additional personal data:
Your Name, E-mail address, Mobile Number.
Communication through the chat feature on our Platform.
When you use our chat feature to communicate with other users, we collect information that you choose to provide to other users through this feature.

5. Links:
Our Website may contain links to other sites. Such other sites may use information about your visit to this Website. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to practices of such sites that we do not own or control or to people we do not employ. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the accuracy or the integrity of the content included on such other sites. We encourage you to read the individual privacy statements of such websites.

6. Use of Personal Information:
Mobile Application/Website collects and uses your Personal Information to provide you better customer experience and also in the administration of our business. Mobile Application/Website may use your Personal Information to administer this service, personalize the Mobile Application/Website services for you enable your access to and use of Website services publish information about you on Mobile Application/Website to keep you informed or update you on various products and services available from Mobile Application/Website send you statements and invoices collect payments from you send you marketing communications to send you mails or contact you for various customer satisfaction surveys, market research, promotional activities or in connection with certain transactions make communications necessary to notify you regarding various security, privacy, and administrative issues to respond to your queries send you information that may be of interest to you, share this information with Services/Products made available through Mobile Application/Website to respond to any of your legitimate claim, or to address you if we have reasonable belief, that you are violating the rights of any third party or any of the agreements or policies that govern your use of Mobile Application/Website Services/Products conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop and improve our services. Mobile Application/Website has no operations in other countries and we do not transfer Personal Information to other countries. However, if the server space provider as matter of backup or other general practices may transfer the server content between any of the countries in which serve provider operates or servers are located to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, you agree to such cross-border transfers of Personal Information and the risk associated with it. Where Mobile Application/Website discloses your Personal Information to any third party for any purpose mentioned above, such third parties are obligated to use that Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified above, Mobile Application/Website may disclose your Personal Information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.

7. Personal Information that we share:
We are committed in protecting the privacy and security of your information. At no time will we sell your Personal Information without your permission unless set forth in this Privacy Policy to third parties. The information we receive about you or from you may be used by us or shared by us with our corporate affiliates, dealers, agents, vendors and other third parties. We do not share, sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to third parties for unknown reasons. We retain complete anonymity while in all analytics and none of the Personal Information is used, except in a limited set of circumstances as stated below. We safeguard your email addresses. We dont sell the email addresses provided by you and we use them only as directed by you and in accordance with this Policy.

8. We share your Personal Information as described below:
Business Transfers: If we start up subsidiaries or get involved in mergers or acquisitions. In such case your Personal Information may be the matter of transfer. And we will provide notice on any such transfer and become subject to different privacy policy.

9. Communication and marketing:
We will communicate with you by email, SMS or in app notification in connection with our Services/Platform to confirm your registration, to inform you in case your ad listing has become live/expired and for other transactional messages in relation to our Services. As it is imperative for us to provide you such transactional messages you may not be able to opt -out of such messages.

10. DND Waiver:
You agree and authorize the Company to use and share your information with its contractors and other third parties, in so far as required for joint marketing purposes/offering various services/report generations and/or to similar services to provide you with various value-added services, in association with the Services selected by you or otherwise. You agree to receive communications through emails, telephone and/or sms, from the Company including its contractors or its third-party vendors regarding the Services/ancillary services updates, information/promotional emails and/or product announcements. In this context, you agree and consent to receive all communications at the mobile number provided, even if this mobile number is registered under DND/NCPR list under TRAI regulations, and for such purpose, you further authorize Company to share/disclose the information to its contractors or any third-party service provider.

10. Our commitment to Personal Information security:
We recognize that your privacy is important to you, and therefore we endeavour to keep your Personal Information confidential. We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information. We assure you of our best effort to protect Personal Information, HOWEVER, WE DO NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT, OR GUARANTEE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL BE PROTECTED AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, LOSS, MISUSE, OR ALTERATIONS, AND DO NOT ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY FOR THE SECURITY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED TO US NOR FOR YOUR OR THIRD PARTIES USE OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.

12. Security:
We safeguard your privacy using known security standards and procedures and comply with applicable privacy laws. Our Website combines industry-approved physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to ensure that your information is well protected through its life cycle in our infrastructure. Personal Information is hashed or encrypted when it is stored in our infrastructure. Personal Information is decrypted, processed and immediately re-encrypted or discarded when no longer necessary.

13. Opt-Out Policy:
Please email us at contact@all4rentz.com if you no longer wish to receive any information from us.
To contact you via email, facsimile, phone or text message, to deliver certain services or information you have requested.

14. Changes to the Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy and it is subject to change at any time without notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, such changes will be posted on Mobile Application/Website so that you are always aware of the latest amendments in this Privacy Policy and please review this Policy periodically.

15. About this Privacy Policy:
If you choose to visit our Mobile Application/Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. The terms of this Privacy Policy do not govern Personal Information furnished through any means other than the Mobile Application/Website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Website treatment of your Personal Information, please write to contact@all4rentz.com

16. Notification of Claims of Infringement:
ALL4RENTZ is not liable for any infringement of intellectual property rights arising out of materials posted on or transmitted through the site, or items advertised on the site, by end-users or any other third parties.
  If you are an owner of intellectual property rights or an agent who is fully authorized to act on behalf of the owner of intellectual property rights and believe that any Content or other content infringes upon your intellectual property right or intellectual property right of the owner on whose behalf you are authorized to act, you may submit a notification to ALL4RENTZ together with a request to ALL4RENTZ to delete the relevant Content in good faith in the claims of infringement form available here.
  
17. Indemnity:
  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ALL4RENTZ, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates,successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys&#39; fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Platform and/or the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive termination, modification or expiration of these Terms and your use of the Service and the Platform.

18. Ability to Accept Terms of Service:
This Platform is intended only for adults and that you are eligible to contract as per applicable laws. If you are using/accessing this Platform as a representative of any person/entity, you acknowledge that you are legally authorized to represent that person/entity. Minors, i.e. users of under 18 years of age, are only allowed to access the Platform and use the Service, in the event of approval of their legal representatives or in the event that it concerns an act or a transaction that is usual and acceptable standard in civil life and practice. You affirm that you are either at least 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to abide by and comply with these Terms. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Platform is not intended for children under 13.
  Notice to children under the age of 13 and their parents or guardians if you are under the age of 13, you must not use this platform. please do not send us your personal information, including your email addresses, name, and/or contact information. If you want to contact us, you may only do so through your parent or legal guardian.

19. Disclosures:
 On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of All4Rentz, our users or the general public; or we are in notice of any criminal activity being conducted via the Platform. You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, the acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale.

20. Limitation of Liability:
In No event shall all4rentz, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages (even if all4rentz has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from any aspect of your use of the platform or the service, including without limitation whether the damages arise from use or misuse of the platform or the service, from inability to use the platform or the service, or the interruption, suspension, modification, alteration, or termination of the platform or the service. such limitation of liability shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or products received through or advertised in connection with the platform or the service or any links on the platform, as well as by reason of any information, opinions or advice received through or advertised in connection with the platform or the service or any links on the all4rentz site. these limitations shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. you specifically acknowledge and agree that all4rentz shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user or third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. the platform is controlled and offered by all4rentz. all4rentz makes no representations or warranties that the platform is appropriate for use in other locations. those who access or use the platform from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and risk and are responsible for compliance with local law."

21. Disclaimer of Warranties:
You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the platform and the service is entirely at your own risk and that the platform and the service are provided on an &quot;as is&quot; or &quot;as available&quot; basis, without any warranties of any kind. all express and implied warranties, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are expressly disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law. to the fullest extent permitted by law all4rentz, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the platform and your use thereof. all4rentz makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the platform&#39;s content or the content of any third party websites linked to the platform and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the platform and service, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the platform, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the platform by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, communicated, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the platform or the service. all4rentz does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the platform or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner or other advertising, and all4rentz will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and/or other users and/or third-party providers of products or services. as with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate.

22. Grievances:
If you have any grievances against the Mobile Application/Website privacy practices, or you apprehend that your privacy is compromised at the Mobile Application/Website, please address your complaint/ concerns to contact@all4rentz.com. We assure, we shall pro-actively address your concerns. All disputes between us and you in this regard are subject to exclusive jurisdiction of Chennai courts, India.
